Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Sound check.
Cynthia We: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, everything my sounding like my voice and my video or on matched.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm saying I know are yours. Well, then it fine. How do you do
Cynthia We: Good. How are you, I'm good, took a very long time this morning.
Cynthia We: Remember why
I mean,
Cynthia We: Strange. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So you guys can't tell when those other people there. Is that right,
Cynthia We: In the clinic.
Cynthia We: Yeah, we can, it will, it says I'm be
Cynthia We: You're assisting another customer. Oh, another client.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can literally see the queue. You can't see there's five people 10 people, you can't
Cynthia We: No, no, no. Today I did notice that it said estimated wait time 15 minutes, which I thought was
Cynthia We: really surprising because it never takes that long.
Cynthia We: But I guess it depends on how busy people are
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you feel while you're waiting
Cynthia We: I'm a little frustrated because I was I was late than just you.
Okay.
Cynthia We: And angry with myself for not starting earlier so that I'd be prompt ready to go at 10 you know i i guess i kind of play a game a little bit like is it going to take five minutes we're going to be four minutes.
Cynthia We: And I today I estimated that it would take me three minutes.
Cynthia We: 10 minutes
Cynthia We: So, so yeah, frustrated with myself for not being a little more prepared and ready to go. I put a note on my door. Today though so that I would not be in Iran.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you did.
Cynthia We: That listing
Gwenevere Abriel: Has anyone noticed it yet. You think
Cynthia We: Um, no. I do not know because
Cynthia We: Scott was in the bathroom when he's the he's the only one come in really and he was in the bathroom when I come in here so I couldn't talk to him and I don't. I haven't heard him at all out there.
Cynthia We: We had
Cynthia We: A shocking shocking thing and the other night.
Cynthia We: Okay, we were
Cynthia We: We were doing April Fool's Day jokes on the kids.
Cynthia We: We had so much fun and and we were just, I was cracking up because Scott put truffles, he melted them in the microwave and then put them all over the toilet seat like you know in
Cynthia We: The bottom toasty. So they were all truffles were all over the seat that you sit on. And then all over the inside it. So when you take it went to the bathroom in the morning. He lifted up. Get it out of scan, I'd be like, oh my god.
Cynthia We: I would do on their faces and I put food day in the in the sink, like in the faucet so that when they turn it on and read and I'm a key put toothpaste in the Oreos, and
Cynthia We: carrots and celery instead of he took the cream out, you know, and carrots, celery in A Jury Knows bag.
Cynthia We: So we're just, we're having a blast and then
Cynthia We: Scott Oh, the best one is he changed teens phone so that when Tikkun was texting. It said anytime we type the word I
Cynthia We: It's it would change. I like to break dance in the news.
Cynthia We: And then if you type the law. It's a poop is odd, my shoes. So things that I'm but then he started looking to to text and and
Cynthia We: You know, I, we've done that, like maybe three times in the telephone and we've always been super pleasantly surprised that he's a really good friend to come home and
Cynthia We: So, um, this time.
Cynthia We: Scott found jokes that he was telling his friend Sam and there were like six of them.
Cynthia We: Three of them were racist a lot joking about the Holocaust and about every
Cynthia We: One of them was about 911 thumpers and two of them were about like the kind of folks that child pornographers motel one another like above babies.
Cynthia We: Not being a virgin when they die like like dead. He's
Cynthia We: So he's on the chat app called this word. It's a gamer platform. And so as I searched racist. I'm texts are racist racist joke because Tim. This is not him. Like if
Cynthia We: We don't tell jokes like that and my family and
Cynthia We: He's super duper sensitive like this kid that stood up for the gay kid on the playground and the kid the Jewish kid that other people were like saying, Hitler to so so he knows what's right and wrong, and he's always were like, oh my god. Is he really an asshole. And we just didn't know
Cynthia We: And I'm apparently this platform. This gamer platform has a dark side. And it has porn that you can find as all these Nazis that hang out there and put these themes up these
Cynthia We: Things these terrible things so kids are stepping on this and it's not
Cynthia We: Um, I think getting desensitized to it. I understand. So I told taken steps I'm I don't know how to handle it. You know, we're like, do we rage.
Cynthia We: To be like freak out because this is acceptable. Do we take his phone away. Um, and I you know Greg's like he's 13 he's trying to figure out who he is and and if you find the sun.
Cynthia We: And we keep key. Okay, but like, why try that out.
Cynthia We: So, um, is there a sick that Scott up to him.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: Keep it cool but like
Cynthia We: What, what's the fog.
Cynthia We: He also suggested Scott was really, really, really worried that Sam's parents because Sam cities. He was sending them to Sam.
Cynthia We: And Sam. I've heard Sam tell some pretty
Cynthia We: Major off color remarks that his family wouldn't be cool with, um, and I'm sure he's hearing him at school, he goes to school Alamos, which is really super white and I'm
Cynthia We: So taken therapist pulled Scott to go and call Kim and I just got was so worried about like how how they're going to think about us. This is like a small phone and like people
Cynthia We: GET JUDGED ON that kind of stuff. So yeah, I think he was just trying to like ease Scott's feelings about his friends thinking us an answer.
Cynthia We: Because his kids time these jokes so I'm rather than calling the parents to like intervene in any way more like them because their friends and we should talk to them.
Cynthia We: And tell them you know because certainly they have read the text, they're much better at they're much better at policing than we are, and would know that Teagan is sent those tests and may even not wants to me, you know, a ticket, you know, that is important to say, hey, this doesn't
Cynthia We: Happen. This is a cool and
So Cindy, what is happening for you around this family event.
Cynthia We: I'm like really just I'm
Cynthia We: Confused about what to do.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: I'm worried for Tikkun
Cynthia We: That
Cynthia We: I'm super glad we caught it.
Cynthia We: Because he goes to the cat school where if he told a joke like that at school, they
Cynthia We: wouldn't tolerate it and and he I'm imagining that people would like, Ooh, we had to stay away from him, he's bad, kid.
Cynthia We: I don't, I don't know, like why like
Cynthia We: Me wants to show him at the worst article I can find about kids being raped and like make him make him feel the the horror that I feel when that happens to kids.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: To shock him.
Cynthia We: Out of whatever he's doing. And then like we've been walking. We just watched lists and like to joke about the Holocaust, but
Cynthia We: I don't know what's happening with me. I'm just like, super duper confused. I'm glad that Scott kind of talk to them.
Cynthia We: God, I don't always agree about how to handle things, but I think we are on the same page.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the page we had
Cynthia We: Um, that something has to be said to take in. Um, but that it should be done in a way that kind of
Cynthia We: Rather than yelling at him like my parents would have done.
Cynthia We: To not necessarily get angry.
Cynthia We: But to to crystal ball it for him. What can happen.
Cynthia We: If people think he's this kind of person.
Cynthia We: Maybe you won't be a lot of hang out with Sam anymore that maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You and Scott are on the same page, there's a delay in our video just you know so tonight today may feel as if I'm not a great listener, but it there is huge chunks, where you're stalled out so I do apologize if
It.
Cynthia We: Wasn't stable so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to apologize that I will come across a little bit like not it as a tuned as maybe I am in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's because I don't always hear everything. There's this little lag. So let's let's create space after we share for it to catch up and it's nothing personal. It's just this tech the technology isn't perfect today.
Cynthia We: We're look
Cynthia We: I was gonna say, should I tell them to turn things off, but I don't know if that matters.
Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Cynthia We: Well, yes, I don't know.
What do you want to do.
Cynthia We: About my video or about taking
Either one.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I would like to connect some things from the fly. I think that would help. Okay.
Cynthia We: So give me one sec.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Cynthia We: Nobody's using my five
Gwenevere Abriel: So the whole planet is using Wi Fi.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I probably have
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple people that are on video conference, possibly in my own house. So I don't know if I'm contributing to the problem.
Cynthia We: It's my was unstable. Popping my screen.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are you and Scott are on the same
Cynthia We: Page feel like we are on the same page. Yes.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Who decided that Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: Has to be the one to discuss crystal ball aka the executive functioning part of the brain that can both pay attention to the here and now and project into the future cause and effect. So how is that decided that he has to be the one to do it.
Cynthia We: Well, the therapist suggested it and I think he suggested it because teen might be more open hearing it if parents aren't coming
Cynthia We: He might be more open to hearing it if if they're just taking a walk in having a heart to heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they go take a walk.
Cynthia We: Of course procrastinate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it hasn't happened yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But why him. Why not you
Cynthia We: Take it has a better relationship with them. I think it's what I assume
Cynthia We: But, um,
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think Keegan looks up to him more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that you have said, I'm confused, I'm super duper confused. I'm confused. I write about what to do.
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm so glad that he's that Scott's doing it, hands up in the air like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where does that. Where does that count. Where's that
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Just how you want it to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: deferring to his therapist differing not getting in their shared responsibility shared Sammy. Sammy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys are on the same page.
Cynthia We: We are
Gwenevere Abriel: Who cares. With this therapist things. What about what 70 thinks you're the mom.
Cynthia We: The therapist. I think that there is no nice and better than I do.
Cynthia We: It was how he will react to things.
Cynthia We: Because you can tell him everything they have a great relationship. And, um,
Cynthia We: I just think he's got some insight that I don't have, you know, no conversation ever goes well with you, like, it's always dramatic.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: This is so important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that graduation.
Cynthia We: What
Gwenevere Abriel: No conversation goes
Cynthia We: Well, first, yes, it's an exaggeration.
Cynthia We: Of conversation conversations. There were telling him.
Cynthia We: I'm just, you know what, I'm not good at it. I get mad, I get mad at him and I lose my shit.
Cynthia We: I
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: I'm afraid that I'll fuck it up.
Cynthia We: And this all goes back to my confidence level like my my
Cynthia We: Feeling of lack of control and I keep thinking back to that one day when it worked when I did that when I did the consequences and I stuck to it and
Cynthia We: And it worked. I found out about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does look like you
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: The. What's the verb.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not allow
Gwenevere Abriel: succumb not funded either
Gwenevere Abriel: You take the one down position to therapists to Scott to Gwen. I don't know where else you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: You do know we
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have some we don't have some magic stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have a magic. We don't. We got the same stuff you do
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Cynthia We: I feel like
Cynthia We: I don't think I feel like you guys have been trained in communication.
Cynthia We: I am
Cynthia We: At communication. And I don't think that's completely my fault, but but the fact and um
Cynthia We: And the way I was parenting is
Cynthia We: Not the way I want to do it so
Gwenevere Abriel: But, Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are. That's a great explanation. It is right, of course, duh, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If you keep allowing other people to do mom's job. How does mom get any better at the job.
Cynthia We: You very good point is
Gwenevere Abriel: That we're all enabling you to use your anger and I just throw my hands up. I can't manage right I'm exaggerating. So
Cynthia We: You know, I can't manage
Cynthia We: It is get off. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what happens, you've been doing it and but it reinforces
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm not confident the rest of the world says, yeah, you sit down, little girl. You don't know what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to join them. I don't want to do that. And that's why I said, You've got it. Take the notes, go talk to your son, and you did it. You did just fine. I didn't say, Hold me next. You put me on the phone and I'll talk to him. I go to
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you did it. Yeah, if nobody takes the time to teach, then how are you, you think that Scott's not confused you think that therapist was
Cynthia We: Confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the therapist is so tight with him. How come he didn't talk to him about the implications of
Cynthia We: Picking up
Cynthia We: Speaking out
Gwenevere Abriel: No, because it is you because it is you and Scott that matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the reference standard in that home about what is acceptable. You set the moral compass, you said it, not the therapist, not me, not mom nuts sister you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yeah, the page that you. So why on earth YouTube as United Front wouldn't come talk to him on that walk where no one's either I and you're just you know 100 different ways to go about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, wrong no right just how is my client, Cindy.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: How this is benefiting Cindy houses benefiting my client right now.
Right.
Cynthia We: Very good point.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see all of us, saying, Oh, they're there. Oh, it's just too much for you.
Cynthia We: This is her
Cynthia We: I told my sister. This and which made Scott cringe, because it feels like
Cynthia We: Feels like she Lords over a circlet. I don't know what he feels, but he was upset tone. And I'm like, I can remember her telling me.
Cynthia We: She looked at texts on her oldest son's phone and she needed to scrub. I bought my point saying anything to her that she has been there and she understands that kids do that, that you don't agree with. And I'd have some input and she had
Cynthia We: an inbuilt was don't do what I did.
Cynthia We: It's it's her input was how she has parenthood. These her older than her youngest completely differently. Uh huh. And, um, oh much it has worked with younger one, she said, I don't get mad at y'all.
Cynthia We: At look she's like I i crystal ball it for him.
Cynthia We: Could happen. And, um,
Cynthia We: I just love that, I love that she has the experience and that she knows she fucked up with her older
Cynthia We: And and that she can admit that and say, no, I didn't do such a great job there. And here's what's working for a younger one
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you go put that in motion yourself that
Cynthia We: Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never going to tell you, you should
Cynthia We: Especially these guys are doing.
Cynthia We: I don't know what he's doing. I don't know what am I go, did you talk to
Cynthia We: This is a whole day and a half now. Like we couldn't wait to talk to him. I couldn't wait to see woke up. Why are you letting he's scared. He's scared that he won't say the right thing. Probably. I know.
Cynthia We: That he won't get the point through
Cynthia We: This he's a good person, I think. And, um, I think he's 13 years old and he's trying things on and he just needs to know that this is not going to try
Why not
Cynthia We: Gross.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gross.
Cynthia We: It's gross. And it's cruel and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Some all grossing crawl. That's all.
Cynthia We: Yeah, right.
Um,
Cynthia We: Because can
Cynthia We: Have a negative
Cynthia We: Effect on his
Cynthia We: And his friendships his reputation.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: And then he might become known as that kind of person.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: Especially not not being allowed to hang out with people that you really like you know Sam his best friend because he told jokes like this. I could see parents saying no getting out with that. Good.
Cynthia We: And Sam would have to tell people why he wasn't being updated anymore would further ruin his reputation. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are 13 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember gossiping wearing something saying something not doing something or doing something with holding your true interest in something for the sake of having to fit in.
Cynthia We: With some peer group.
Be logging.
Cynthia We: 13 or when I was 23 or when I
Cynthia We: Yes, I do. Of course I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't know. Of course I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: The pressure it. This is not a joke. And unfortunately, it gets minimize this concept of peer pressure because we've said it so many times it doesn't have any
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to, I want to stop for a frickin second and talk about this is not some played out thing. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: I am developing
Gwenevere Abriel: Independence, the importance of my tribe. My adolescent tribe, the ones where they look like me talk like me is literally
Gwenevere Abriel: Can feel as if
Gwenevere Abriel: It has more important than what
Cynthia We: His parents think, of course. Yes, I remember that. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: And when a parent comes to you and says, you know, don't buckle under your peer pressure. It's like, are you kidding me, this is insurmountable this pressure is is all that there is
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you can also not only do you say right
Gwenevere Abriel: These are the family values. This is what what we represent. These are the crystal ball things you were doing that part. But it's also and I get it, and I want to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: How hard it is to do what I just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so hard. And here's what I did that failed ended up acting out in this really and I'm regretting it today, but here's a really cool thing that you could do. I'm still struggling with it myself. Here's what you could do to meet that pressure. It's huge.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and and and this is one aspect of it hugs will come and the pressure to have sex will come and those are the big
Cynthia We: We think those are the big things. But this is like this is a practice for all of that. It's just going to get worse.
Cynthia We: We're just going to have less control.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Cynthia We: Feel so important to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I know, but you're
Cynthia We: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just put your hands up and you're saying, yeah, I'm confused you not you know exactly what you think.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have an opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You care very much about this. What do you mean you confuse you sound very clear to me.
Cynthia We: I remember, um, I remember I was probably like 25 and I decided one year, that it was the funniest Halloween do ever that I came up with this. It was so proud of it and going to dress as a Pan Am stewardess of the flight recent crap.
Cynthia We: And I saw my friend.
Cynthia We: And his reaction was like
Cynthia We: Ah,
Cynthia We: No, okay, Cindy.
Cynthia We: I was so surprised because I thought it was. Oh.
Cynthia We: And, um, I can remember just that I have good memories of not standing the connection like not understanding what the line.
Cynthia We: Well, I was never. It was not race related but the taste is useless thing of making jokes about someone else.
Cynthia We: God is something I didn't get I was 25 i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess you're not supposed to that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the frontal lobe stuff and I just read
Gwenevere Abriel: Some information that continues to make it even more surprising that that part that the executive functioning, we're talking about doesn't come online. Actually, I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: For for folks. It would be like for gals, it'd be about 2526 for men 2728 but now they're pushing they're pushing it up to 30 so 25 to 30 years old and I'm just like, Oh my gosh, and we're saying go live your life at 18 but meanwhile
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not able to sit with this is my, this is what I want. Now, how would that play out.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And steps forward.
Backward.
Gwenevere Abriel: That part of the brain, you're imposing that expectation on a 13 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, literally has no idea what you're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, he doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's not a bad way he
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't have that part of the brain. It is so I say it's an external executive functioning. That's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it out loud say calmly and say, while you're developing that part of the brain. I will continue to remind you until you develop your own. This is the reference standard in this home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it can be so much pressure. And so um so confusing because, was there a little zap Teagan when you heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Nazi
Gwenevere Abriel: And word gay or whatever the the trigger words were right, baby. Baba, Baba. Was there any little twinge in your gut. Was there any little moment where you caught it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then you remembered I want to look the same. I want to look cool. I don't want to stand out at all. If this is the topic. Then I'm going to join them. Do you remember before you did that, that there was some register somewhere of haha oh shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I bet he will. I bet he had
Cynthia We: A tiny little income, and he just did a chicken.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa. Oh really. Tell me, what would you say to that, buddy. That was online Sandy, what would you do
Cynthia We: Oh, he wasn't. It wasn't mine. He was telling his friend and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what would you, what would you do
Cynthia We: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard
Gwenevere Abriel: This is. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Cynthia We: This is not
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: He did. But this is another thing is he did start an account and did a couple of jokes online. So that is relevant, but this, in this case, where he was telling Sam the jokes. It was really separate and on
Cynthia We: And on
Gwenevere Abriel: You try taking yourself off video for a few minutes. I really want to hear what you're saying.
Cynthia We: Oh my gosh, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I want to hear what you're saying it's just, it's too delayed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: He also posted. He started an account and he posted on that website.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Sam, the city was telling Sam was completely separate like I was telling him jokes and Sam's response wasn't even positive like Sam was like oh dude like
Cynthia We: Wasn't egging them on.
Cynthia We: And then
Cynthia We: I feel like that's a whole nother conversation that we have to have like what you put online lives with you ever
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a separate conversations part of the Congress.
Cynthia We: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's part of the conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be charming entertaining now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the possible consequence. That's the same conversation. It's just, just talking about the internet and then that lives there forever. It's the same thing.
Cynthia We: Yeah, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's chicken. What did you think when you saw, Sam. Right. Oh dude Tegan would you think
Cynthia We: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what I don't know I just kind of ignored it. Okay, well, what if he didn't ignore it. Now let's look at it. Now that we have some time and we can look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, Oh, dude. If you've ever said Oh dude, like how do you think it sounded like when he was typing it wasn't like oh day. High five. Oh dude, or was it like oh did
Cynthia We: Oh well, dude. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you think it sounded like because we're only typing. We can't get all of the
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds and
Gwenevere Abriel: Great prosody in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to slow it down.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't think of those things get away from bad boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right away from Good boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at it like, oh boy, a learning opportunity.
Yes.
Cynthia We: I'm my sister said, What a great way to bow from
Cynthia We: Um, to rebel.
Cynthia We: From a school that teaches tolerance and expense of everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, that's a really nice. That's a nice angle. I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know show again. So it's a different angle of the same phenomenon independence, I can have my own mind. I can do what I want to do if it's the same thing. It's just a different angle your sisters onto something there that's another angle.
Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my client is not taken
Right, it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if all we do is say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you bet. You should just let you should just let Scott Campbell. This one you, you're going to get overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Cynthia We: Boy, I don't get. I can handle shit.
Cynthia We: And have to remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't shit this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't ship.
Cynthia We: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your, your little man who's growing up and it's exciting. It's exciting.
Cynthia We: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to be a part of it. You get to, you know, there are some families. There's no talking between them. The kids aren't even with their parents at all. This is a chance for you to share your personal you've got you've got literally books that you're writing about this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you should share them with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still struggle with this concept today with how do I take what I want right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take the beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think it through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does this match, who I want to be five years from now, a year from now 24 hours from now. Does it match. Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and do this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still going at aren't you
Cynthia We: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So am I. We all are.
Cynthia We: part of speech.
Cynthia We: It's really for me not to have video because I'm a I noticed that I not a lot or or. Yeah, it's good to
Cynthia We: Not be able to for you to be able to see
Cynthia We: It's just different than
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not improving the audio that much anyway you can put it
Gwenevere Abriel: Right back
Gwenevere Abriel: You can put it back.
Cynthia We: So,
Cynthia We: I'm totally annoyed with Xfinity
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we can just take it in. Even in its clunky state.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why we're still here. We're doing you got you got stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's still getting over there to you. What if the other minute complete I was the screen goes all the way, but you're, you're still getting information you're still getting it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's spend some time and track through nice slow be
Gwenevere Abriel: See what settling in for you, Cindy with what we did here today.
Cynthia We: I'm that I
Cynthia We: Have a habit of deferring to
Cynthia We: You for thank you for that. My mother.
Cynthia We: Me or if I if she
Cynthia We: If she realized how often do that.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Because he raised my sister and I have to think of, you know, to be strong women to not
Cynthia We: To not delete. We needed a man to take your boss or any of that. And I come, the fact that I lose myself.
Cynthia We: I abandoned. Um, what I will leave it is
Cynthia We: Yeah differ.
Cynthia We: Now disappoint her, she would
Cynthia We: But it disappoints me
Cynthia We: So I'm going to do differently this time I'm
Cynthia We: I'd like to talk to him about peer pressure and how hard it is, and
Cynthia We: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: How normal he's right on time.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so are you right on time. This is when I come in so nice and my parents kick the shit out of me emotionally right at this age, instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking to me like this the way I am giving this love to you and this information. I didn't get it like this. I was shamed punished and discipline so harshly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to repeat that pattern. I love you taken your right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And whatever angle, whether it's your therapist or your auntie, or it's me. Let's Dad, I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those words in text don't reflect the person I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this you, are you testing something out. Is there some other piece, what's going on here. What's interesting to you, you can come at it from any old angle, you've got time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Matter from sisters angle your angle Michael his angle, years ago, whatever. We don't know. He's not a bad boy.
Cynthia We: No. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were not a bad girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give what you didn't get
Cynthia We: Shock
Cynthia We: shock value of saying things like that.
Cynthia We: Think that there's there's
Cynthia We: We all just want to fit in and maybe he feels like this helps. I guess he did say that I'm Scott talked to him a little bit today and to get accused of reading is text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deflection don't get
Cynthia We: Distracted
Gwenevere Abriel: By that don't literally don't even say a word.
Cynthia We: If you happy. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can son, I can apologize for that later. But can we just focus on the content of those tags for a minute. And yes, I will get into invasion of privacy in my role as a parent, we put a pin that
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you baby but just give me 10 minutes and let's just focus on content and see how it relates to your development and
Cynthia We: He said that he joy and joy, the chat room.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he Teagan
Cynthia We: Chat room, he was invited to join the chat room of these on this platform.
Cynthia We: And gains.
Cynthia We: And it was too upsetting for him. So he
Cynthia We: You know one way. He didn't join it again.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good news.
Cynthia We: That is great news.
Cynthia We: At least it
Cynthia We: So Gary, that you can get into all this
Cynthia We: No man or no hair there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then need it. We go investigate. Maybe we need a little bit if they can't regulate if we're not busy sort of empowering them with their assertiveness, which your son has, has it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe we need some parental controls, although kids are so much smarter than us. They'll find a
Cynthia We: workaround. And this will app is a control, but it's it's the country.
Cynthia We: Right. Tina major right so you should its core discourse, the name of it and kids use it. Other instead of zoom interface. Uh huh.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: But then there's all this other stuff that you can get into. Try and porn just telling it you're 18 so the the controls that your parents computer or on your phone are irrelevant because you're in an app that allows you to get there. It's terrifying.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Greg also recommended the book by I'm Peggy Orenstein I think her name is a porn hookups on and navigating the masculine me. He said, It's supposed to be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing, as we end our session today.
Cynthia We: I feel much better. I feel, I feel less confused, much less confused.
Cynthia We: My god.
Cynthia We: He's done outside the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's reschedule.
Cynthia We: Or us you
Gwenevere Abriel: Still want this 10am on April 9
Cynthia We: Yes, and then I'll see you at group as well.
Cynthia We: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have your name written down for April six,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. We'll see you then. Goodie, and then I've got Cindy here on April 9 That's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what happens.
Cynthia We: Thank you. You're very
Gwenevere Abriel: Be good to you.